readme.md, before:

<h1 align='center'>ESX Legacy</a></h1>
<p align='center'><a href='https://discord.esx-framework.org/'>Discord</a> - <a href='https://esx-framework.org/'>Website</a> - <a href='https://documentation.esx-framework.org/legacy/installation'>Documentation</a></b></h5>

<p align='center'>Want more resources? You can browse the <a href="https://github.com/esx-community/">ESX Community Github</a> or <a href="https://forum.cfx.re/tag/esx">Cfx.re Releases board</a> for more!
<p align='center'><b>ESX is the leading framework, trusted By thousands of commmunitys for the heighest quality roleplay servers on FiveM</b></p>

<hr>

### 💗 Supporters

Interested in helping us? [Take a look at our patreon](https://www.patreon.com/esx "Take a look at our patreon")

| We would like to sincerely thank the following donors who helped fund the development of ESX.  |
| ------------ |
| Mohamad Buhamad - Michael Hein - RoadToSix - Montree Narathong  |
| Saydoon - Muhannad alyamani - iSentrie - Wecity - Samuel Nicol |
| Kyle McShea - Artin - Mathias Christoffersen - Jaylan Yilmaz - Callum |
| CONGRESS KW - Michael Hein - Smery sitbon - daZepelin - CMF Community |
------

### 📌 License

ESX-legacy - ESX framework for FiveM

    Copyright (C) 2015-2023 ESX-Framework

    This program Is free software: you can redistribute it And/Or modify it under the terms Of the GNU General Public License As published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 Of the License, Or (at your option) any later version.

    This program Is distributed In the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty Of MERCHANTABILITY Or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License For more details.

    You should have received a copy Of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If Not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
---

Powered by [Oxygenserv](https://www.oxygenserv.com/en/)

Commit message:

upload
take esx_context out of esx-framework/esx_core repository

readme.md, after:

<h1 align='center'>[ESX] Context</a></h1><p align='center'><b><a href='https://discord.esx-framework.org/'>Discord</a> - <a href='https://esx-framework.org/'>Website</a> - <a href='https://docs.esx-framework.org/legacy/installation'>Documentation</a></b></h5>

A elegant, easy to use Context Menu system to make User Interactions clean and hassle free

# Legal

esx_context

Copyright (C) ESX-Framework

This program Is free software: you can redistribute it And/Or modify it under the terms Of the GNU General Public License As published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 Of the License, Or (at your option) any later version.

This program Is distributed In the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty Of MERCHANTABILITY Or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License For more details.

You should have received a copy Of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If Not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.
